readme.md, before:

# joel

ckoe

## Table of Content

- [Description](#description)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Test](#test)
- [Questions](#questions)
- [Issues](#issues)
- [License](#license)
- [Contribute](#contribute)

## Description 

doeo

## Usage

geo

## Installation

Load <pre><code>npm i</code></pre> to install all the dependencis then run <pre><code>node index.js</code></pre> and follow all the prompts

true

## Test

To test it you need to run <pre><code>npm run test</code></pre>

false

## Questions

For any questions please check my [Github profile](https://github.com/felipfew/)

or you can [email me](mailto:felip@novws) for more pressing questions.

## Issues

Users can raise an issue ticket by: mir

## License

<img src="https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=License&message=Apache&color=GREEN"/>

## Contribute

If you want to collaborate please fork the repository and tag me on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/no) where I am more active, then request a pull request and I will review it

Commit message:

final readme file generated by node index.js

readme.md, after:

# Readme Generator

Generator

## Table of Content

- [Description](#description)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Test](#test)
- [Questions](#questions)
- [Issues](#issues)
- [License](#license)
- [Contribute](#contribute)
- [Demo](#demo)

## Description 

it creates a new readme file from user prompts to save time

## Usage

users can install it and run it to use for any of their projects in github 

## Installation

Load <pre><code>npm i</code></pre> to install all the dependencis then run <pre><code>node index.js</code></pre> and follow all the prompts


## Test

To test it you need to run <pre><code>npm run test</code></pre>


## Questions

For any questions please check my [Github profile](https://github.com/felipewithf/)

or you can [email me](mailto:fel@gmail.com) for more pressing questions.

## Issues

Users can raise an issue ticket by: they send me their questions

## License

<img src="https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=License&message=MIT&color=GREEN"/>

## Contribute

If you want to collaborate please fork the repository and tag me on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/felipewithf) where I am more active, then request a pull request and I will review it

## Demo

Video link from Screencastify
[demo link](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1TbcL7dQWT2ck09Be6OB9RpNUqoQXbi71/view)
